# The PVTT Starter Template
## Parcel, Vue, Typescript, TailwindCSS Stack

It is not the catchiest name for a stack, but the PVTT stack is the simplest, no configuration stack I could think of to quickly prototype dynamic web apps and repsonsive layouts. It comes ready to be deployed on a static hosting service such as Netlify. 

### Why
This combination of technologies where chosen to provide the structure to quickly scaffold out and prototype a web app. A basic understanding of HTML, CSS and Javascript is necessary. The libraies and frameworks used were chosen because of their simple APIs (thus smaller learning curves) and great developer experince. For those using VSCode, we recommend the `Vetur` and `Tailwind CSS IntelliSense` extenstions. Vue provides a simple way to bind data to a view and a component-based architecture to reduce repeated parts of your UI. TailwindCSS is an extremely customizable and extendable wrapper around the most frequent CSS properties by using intuitively-named classes. This reduces the amount of CSS used throughout an entire web application and greatly speeds up development and the time it takes to refactor. Use it with Vue components to 'encapsulate' repeated HTML/styles. You should almost be writing no custom CSS. 

### Know that:
- PurgeCSS removes unused styles generated by TailwindCSS.
- PurgeCSS and CSSNano only used during the `build` script
- Use `-no-cache` option for so Parcel does not cache the Tailwind config

### TODOs
- [ ] Upgrade to Vue 3 (provides better typescript support)
- [ ] Upgrade to Parcel 2
- [ ] Add linting
- [ ] Determine how opinionated this template should be 
